readme.md, before:

<style>
    h1{background-color: #0aa; padding: 10px;}
    h2,h3{border-bottom: 4px solid;}
    blockquote{border-left: 4px solid #0aa}
</style>

# CSS Collapsing Margins Project

This is the base project for creating HTML and SCSS/CSS.

Node modules are used to facilitate building the project. Watchers will compile scss into css and copy files to the dist folder.

To run the created index.html in the dist folder, right click on index.html and select 'Open with Live Server'.

## Initial Project Setup

This project depends on Node.js utilities to automatically build
while you are working on your code. You will need to install Node.js to take advantage of the scripts to automatically build your files. Installing Node.js only needs to be done once. If you already have Node.js installed on your machine you can skip this step of installing Node.js.

Install Node.js - click [here](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) to go to the Node.js download page.

Once you have installed Node.js go to a terminal in your IDE and run this command:

> npm i

This will install the utilities needed to build the project.

To check the version of Node.js installed on your computer, run this command in the terminal in your IDE:

> node -v

When you install Node.js, it will also install `npm`. You can check the version of `npm` by running this command in the terminal of your IDE:

> npm -v

## Running the File Watchers

The file watchers are utilities that will watch for changes in your source files using NPM commands to watch and build HTML and SCSS source into a dist folder.

To start the watchers 

> run watch

## Run index.html

To see your changes in a browser:
> run serve

Commit message:

update readme.md add additional display styles

readme.md, after:

<style>
    h1{background-color: #0aa; padding: 10px;}
    h2,h3{border-bottom: 4px solid;}
    blockquote{border-left: 4px solid #0aa}
</style>

# CSS Collapsing Margins Project

Collapsing Margins is the cause of most grief in UI styling. Kevin Powell provides one of the best ways to illustrate how margins collapse upon each other. Watch Kevin's video to understand more.

This repo is a way for me to play around with it on my own and learn from it. Also, I like to work with SCSS and that is why I use SCSS in this project.

I have added multiple *display:* type to demonstrate their effect upon collapsing margins. This is caused by the *display: block* (default display).

Kevin has a few ways to solve the collapsing margin issue. You will need to decide for yourself what is the best way to solve the issue.

#### *Basic Project Information*

Node modules are used to facilitate building the project. Watchers will compile scss into css and copy files to the dist folder.

To run the created index.html in the dist folder, right click on index.html and select 'Open with Live Server'.

## Initial Project Setup

This project depends on Node.js utilities to automatically build
while you are working on your code. You will need to install Node.js to take advantage of the scripts to automatically build your files. Installing Node.js only needs to be done once. If you already have Node.js installed on your machine you can skip this step of installing Node.js.

Install Node.js - click [here](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) to go to the Node.js download page.

Once you have installed Node.js go to a terminal in your IDE and run this command:

> npm i

This will install the utilities needed to build the project.

To check the version of Node.js installed on your computer, run this command in the terminal in your IDE:

> node -v

When you install Node.js, it will also install `npm`. You can check the version of `npm` by running this command in the terminal of your IDE:

> npm -v

## Running the File Watchers

The file watchers are utilities that will watch for changes in your source files using NPM commands to watch and build HTML and SCSS source into a dist folder.

To start the watchers 

> run watch

## Run index.html

To see your changes in a browser:
> run serve
